gh-46236: Add missing PyUnicode_Resize() doc (#132628)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/unicode.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.3

.. c:function:: int PyUnicode_Resize(PyObject **unicode, Py_ssize_t length);

>    Resize a Unicode object. The length is the number of codepoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Resize a Unicode object *\*unicode* to the new *length* in code points.
```
Simpler?

>    Try to resize the string in place (which is usually faster than allocating
>    a new string and copy characters), or create a new string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The function tries to resize the string in place when possible.
```
A simpler sentence can be used

Author: I think it makes sense, as it reveals some implementation details and how we chose them.

>    Try to resize the string in place (which is usually faster than allocating
>    a new string and copy characters), or create a new string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Try to resize the string in place (which is usually faster than allocating
   a new string and copying characters), or create a new string.
```
If we really want this extra note (which we don't need) -- typo.

>    ``*unicode`` is modified to point to the new (resized) object and 0 is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``*unicode`` is modified to point to the new (resized) object and ``0`` is
```

>    returned on success. Otherwise, an exception is set, -1 is returned,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   returned on success. Otherwise, ``-1`` is returned and an exception is set,
```

More natural ordering since the previous sentence is about return values. Also backticks please

   and ``*unicode`` is left untouched.

   .. warning::

      The function doesn't check string content, the result may not be a

>       string in canonical representation.

Reviewer: This could just be a sentence without the extra highlighting.

Author: Emm... I don't quite understand the highlighting you mentioned.

Reviewer 2: I guess he suggests removing "warning" directive.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35aa55fc-6584-4b99-be25-9963dbe49889)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The function doesn't check string content, the result may not be a
      string in canonical representation.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. versionadded:: 2.7

```

Reviewer 3: We don't add versionadded when it is older than Python 3.0.
